We just need to do two things, number one, let's set it so the delay is no longer three thousand milliseconds.
Let's set the delay to maybe seven hundred and fifty milliseconds, OK?
And then after that, let's adjust this so that it uses the raw data instead of this hard coded static
HTML for each link.
Back in our text editor within our key press handler in the second if statement.
When we say this typing wait time equals this is where we've set our delay.
So instead of three thousand milliseconds, now that we've confirmed that's working, as we would expect,
let's change this to maybe seven hundred or seven hundred and fifty.
It's not an exact science.
It's up to you to choose a number that feels right to you.
I'll go with this.
OK, now let's scroll down to the function named Render Results HTML.
And all we need to do is create a dynamic template for each one of these elements.
Let me show you how I would set this up so I would just copy one of the elements into my clipboard as
a template.
So just select one of them.
Copy that.
Now we are free to delete all of the elements.
Right, there's four of these fake or hardcoded examples, so delete those and now within this template,
literal, we can do something dynamic by saying dollar sign curly brackets.
Now, remember, when we call this function, we're passing into it that raw JSON data or that array
of posts.
So within our dollar sign curly brackets, we'd want to begin working with that dynamic array posts.
And we know that all arrays have access to a map method.
Let's circle back to these parentheses, but we know that that's going to return a new array.
We actually want a string of text.
So then we could just call DOT join by default.
It's going to separate the items with a comma as it converts an array into a string of text.
But if we just say quotes with nothing in between, well, then nothing will be separating them.
So this is perfect for HTML output.
Now, within the parentheses for MAP, let's provide a function that will run once for each item in
the posts array so we can use an arrow function parentheses arrow symbol, curly brackets within the
body of this function, let's say return to back ticks in between them.
Just paste in your clipboard.
OK, that's the template for a link.
Now we just need to hollow out certain values to use our actual data in order to do that within the
parentheses for our function, we'd want to receive the current item that's being looped too.
So we could just say post and remember, with an arrow function, if you have exactly one parameter,
you don't need the parentheses.
Now we can just begin hollowing out certain values.
So the source for this image should be the author for this post so we can just get rid of the source.
So its source equals empty quotes within those quotes, we can say dollar sign, curly brackets and
then just post dot author Dot Avatar.
OK, next up would be the title for this post wrapped in bold or strong tags.
So get rid of the fake hardcoded title of example, post number one, and instead sign curly brackets
and just say post dot title.
OK, the next bit of dynamic data would be the author username here.
So get rid of the hardcoded barks a lot dollar sign curly brackets instead and just say post dot author
dot username.
OK finally let's make be created on or published on date for the post dynamic.
Now just so we don't need to create a new date object for the month and the day and the year.
Let's do this within this function for map B for the return line.
Let's add a new line and let's say let post date equal a new instance of the JavaScript date object
and let's feed it in post dot created date.
Cool.
So now we can just reuse this one date object for the month, year and the day.
So we named it post date.
So for the month instead of zero, that's hard coded dollar sign curly brackets.
Just say post date dot get month.
OK, instead of the hardcoded day of fourteens, a dollar sign curly brackets post date dot get date
and then instead of the hardcoded year dollar sign curly brackets post date dot get full year.
Cool.
Let's go ahead and save this and test it all out.
So back in the browser be sure to refresh.
If I perform a search for JavaScript there should be only one result.
Cool.
If I search for web development there should be at least two or three results.
Yep.
All right.
And if I search for something that would return zero results, just a random string of text.
Perfect.
We see a red rectangle that says, sorry, we could not find any results for that search.
Really quick, though, let's go back to a search that does pull in results.
Let's make this hard coded number of four that always says that there's four items found, let's make
that dynamic.
So back in our text editor towards the top of this render results HTML method, we see this did with
the class of list group dash item and we see search results.
And to the right of that, we see four items found.
Let's do this.
Let's get rid of this hard coded for and say dollar sign curly brackets.
We have a few options on how to handle this.
If there's only one item or one result, does it really make sense to use the plural of the word items?
It should just say one item, not one items found.
So you could just wrap the S in parentheses here, or since we're using a programming language, we
could make this dynamic.
So let's get rid of the words items found here and let's handle all of that within this dollar sign
curly brackets.
Now, we are not allowed to have an if statement within a template literal, but we can use something
called the ternary operator.
So check this out with a ternary operator first.
You include a condition.
So let's say if posts length is greater than one, then we include a question mark and say what we would
want to do.
If that's the case for now, just place an X here.
Then we include a colon and say what we would want to do if this is not the case.
So I'll just include another X placeholder for this first X.
That's where we would want to say plural.
There are multiple results, more than one.
So let's add back ticks and let's say just as a placeholder, five items found only we'd want the five
to be dynamic.
So get rid of that dollar, sign curly brackets and just say posts dot length, OK, for the second
X, well, we just want to include either quotes or back tactics.
In this case, we don't need to do anything dynamic.
So just regular quotes would work and just say one item, right.
Singular, one item found.
Let's go ahead and save that and test it out.
So be sure to refresh in the browser if I search for something that only has one result, perfect.
One item found.
But if I search for lorem cool two items plural found and I just noticed I missed an incredibly important
detail.
You should be able to click on one of these links to visit that post.
That's OK.
We just need to update the value within our map function.
So let's do this within our post stop map area on that opening element or a tag instead of the placeholder
hash tag for HSF.
Let's just say slash post slash.
I'd only we don't actually want the two letters ID here.
Instead we'd want to do something dynamic.
So let's say dollar sign curly brackets and just type in post dot underscore ID.
Let's go ahead and save this.
If I go back to the browser and refresh, perform a search for web development, maybe I'm interested
in this success.
Great post.
Click on that.
Perfect.
It takes me to the appropriate U.
RL before we close out this lesson, let's make sure that the avatars for a search are actually pulling
in the correct value.
What I mean by this is right now all of the posts are created by my same Brad user account.
But in this window where I'm logged in with the Bark's alone account, I can create a post for the title.
Maybe being a dog is fun for the body content.
Let's give it a key word of lorem ipsum so that it will show up in a search with other posts.
So Lamaism.
I like playing catch.
Go ahead and save that.
OK, now if I perform a new search for lorem ipsum perfect.
We do indeed see results from multiple users.
Right Brad and barks a lot.
We see their username, we see the date that it was created on.
Everything is working as expected.
That's going to bring this lesson to a close.
But this segues nicely into our next feature.
So let's say the Brat account searches for the keyword dog.
They see this bit of content.
Oh, being a dog is fun.
Maybe I would click on that.
And if I'm genuinely impressed by this quality content, I might want to begin following this.
Barks a lot user.
Right?
Following users is a key part of this, that if you go back to your home page, remember when you log
in, you're supposed to see a feed here.
Of the latest posts from the users you follow, so in our very next lesson, we're going to begin working
on the follow feature.
Let's keep things rolling and I'll see you then.